Hello everyone today, I wish you
show how to change the rings to the suit
the most important thing
need to go to settings
on the subway games and here we find the style
sight
you will likely default site
put any classic static
either classic dynamic without
the difference and if you don't change then
will not change if you will
enter commands so the first team we have
will crossfire
she is in charge of this sight
set
and an example number 10
sight you owe no one seems to me
so the best option is debt
I repent of the number 2
if you absolutely want to remove who this is 0
when you have 1. but
here
are visible
strips then if you want to sight
some term 16 need to be removed with simplicity
and there is such a team
l + r yes and imagine the number 0
everything
for sure. cleaned up if you want back
write the same command
and put the number 1
here further if you want
so that it is received
then I need you to lead a team of courses
fitness
for example, put
five
see yes
bold for optimal is 1
if you want to remove the risks leave
only point
what will the team help you
The question of course tsiferku
thousands to remove risks
and if small small width
sight then we put what
said that
red specnaz
But if you want to change the color
sight
then of course there are primitive
red green yellow blue blue yes
but
maybe you don't like these colors and
then on
write
rose
will tell
halva
number 5
so that he remembers your light
I have just the same red
to change color you need to go to
Wikipedia
there it is
you have to write google and yandex like
holy rgb find this list of colors
so for example any let's
purple or something
We only need these three
column
the first is responsible for red 2 for green
3 for blue prescribe
cover color
red
just the letter p
we will describe
p with us
now we write
broen
and we have it
and the last color is blue
he is with us
thats our purple
Well, like, I told you everything
put huskies if something helped you all
thank you all bye